Documentation/readme (#110)
thoth-station/thoth-application: README.md

### pushing a release to production

### Developing a new component

#### Component secrets

> We use [sops](https://github.com/mozilla/sops#sops-secrets-operations) for creating secrets with encryption.
> Contributor first needs to have the secret in the manifest file to run `sops` on it for encryption
> (because we cannot have that secret file mistakenly pushed to the repo).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use [sops](https://github.com/mozilla/sops#sops-secrets-operations) for encrypting secrets.
For encrypting the secrets, the contributor can do the following:
 - first, create a `secrets.yaml` at the root level. (git would ignore the file)
 - Then run sops command to encrypt them to the desired application subdirectory.
  Example: `sops -e secrets.yaml > core/overlays/test/secrets.enc.yaml`
 - Make sure contribute the encrypted **secrets.enc.yaml** .
```
How about this?

### pushing a release to production

### Developing a new component

#### Component secrets
We use [sops](https://github.com/mozilla/sops#sops-secrets-operations) for encrypting secrets.
For encrypting the secrets, the contributor can do the following:
 - First, create a `secrets.yaml` at the root level. (git would ignore the file)
 - Then run sops command to encrypt them to the desired application subdirectory.

>   Example: `sops -e secrets.yaml > core/overlays/test/secrets.enc.yaml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Example: `sops -e secrets.yaml > {component}/overlays/test/secrets.enc.yaml`
```

Reviewer: > why do component secrets go into the core directory?

it was an example, however following suggestion can be used.
